---
title: Benachrichtigung bei Sicherheitsverletzungen
description: Lernen Sie, wie Microsoft-Dienste Sie vor Verletzungen des Schutzes personenbezogener Daten schützen und wie Microsoft reagiert und Sie benachrichtigt, wenn eine Verletzung auftritt.
keywords: Microsoft 365, Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft 365-Dokumentation, DSGVO
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
ms.custom:
- seo-marvel-mar2020
titleSuffix: Microsoft GDPR
ms.openlocfilehash: a671fc9234f76c63ff7336369c87e680a4432cc3
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920289"
---
# <a name="gdpr-breach-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="48eb5-104">Benachrichtigung über DSGVO-Verstöße</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-104">GDPR Breach Notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p101">The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduces new rules for organizations that offer goods and services to people in the European Union (EU), or that collect and analyze data for EU residents no matter where you or your enterprise are located. Additional details can be found in the [GDPR Summary topic](gdpr.md). This document leads you to information on the completion of Breach Notifications under the GDPR using Microsoft products and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p101">The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduces new rules for organizations that offer goods and services to people in the European Union (EU), or that collect and analyze data for EU residents no matter where you or your enterprise are located. Additional details can be found in the [GDPR Summary topic](gdpr.md). This document leads you to information on the completion of Breach Notifications under the GDPR using Microsoft products and services.</span></span>

## <a name="what-constitute-a-breach-of-personal-data-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="48eb5-108">Was stellt eine Verletzung personenbezogener Daten im Rahmen der DSGVO dar?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-108">What constitute a breach of personal data under the GDPR?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p102">Personal data means any information related to an individual that can be used to identify them directly or indirectly. A personal data breach is 'a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p102">Personal data means any information related to an individual that can be used to identify them directly or indirectly. A personal data breach is 'a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed'.</span></span>

## <a name="terminology"></a><span data-ttu-id="48eb5-111">Begrifflichkeiten</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-111">Terminology</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-112">Hilfreiche Definitionen für DSGVO-Ausdrücke, die in diesem Dokument verwendet werden:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-112">Helpful definitions for GDPR terms used in this document:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-113">*Datenverantwortlicher (Verantwortlicher)* : eine juristische Person, Behörde, Einrichtung oder andere Stelle, die allein oder gemeinsam mit anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten entscheidet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-113">*Data Controller (Controller)* : A legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-114">*Personenbezogene Daten* und *betroffene Person* : alle Informationen, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person (betroffene Person) beziehen; als identifizierbar wird eine natürliche Person angesehen, die direkt oder indirekt identifiziert werden kann.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-114">*Personal data* and *data subject* : Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-115">*Auftragsverarbeiter* : eine natürliche oder juristische Person, Behörde, Einrichtung oder andere Stelle, die personenbezogene Daten im Auftrag des Verantwortlichen verarbeitet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-115">*Processor* : A natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body, which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-116">*Kundendaten* : Daten, die während des regulären Geschäftsbetriebs erstellt und gespeichert werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-116">*Customer Data* : Data produced and stored in the day-to-day operations of running your business.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-breach-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="48eb5-117">Microsoft und Benachrichtigungen bei Datenschutzverletzungen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-117">Microsoft and Breach Notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p103">Microsoft takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. A security incident/data breach refers to events such as unlawful access to customer's data stored on Microsoft equipment or in Microsoft facilities, or unauthorized access to such that has the potential to result in the loss, disclosure, or alteration of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p103">Microsoft takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. A security incident/data breach refers to events such as unlawful access to customer's data stored on Microsoft equipment or in Microsoft facilities, or unauthorized access to such that has the potential to result in the loss, disclosure, or alteration of customer data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p104">As a data processor, Microsoft ensures that service customers are able to meet the GDPR's breach notification requirements as data controllers. Our notification provides the information needed to make that assessment. Microsoft notifies customers of any personal data breach, except for those cases where personal data is confirmed to be unintelligible (for example, encrypted data where integrity of the keys is confirmed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p104">As a data processor, Microsoft ensures that service customers are able to meet the GDPR's breach notification requirements as data controllers. Our notification provides the information needed to make that assessment. Microsoft notifies customers of any personal data breach, except for those cases where personal data is confirmed to be unintelligible (for example, encrypted data where integrity of the keys is confirmed).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p105">Data controllers are responsible for assessing risks to data privacy and determining whether a breach requires notification of a customer's DPA. Microsoft provides the information needed, along with your GDPR compliance policy, to make that assessment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p105">Data controllers are responsible for assessing risks to data privacy and determining whether a breach requires notification of a customer's DPA. Microsoft provides the information needed, along with your GDPR compliance policy, to make that assessment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p106">Initial notification includes a description of the nature of the breach, approximate user impact, and mitigation steps (if applicable). If our investigation is not complete at the time of initial notification, we will indicate next steps and timelines for subsequent communication. For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p106">Initial notification includes a description of the nature of the breach, approximate user impact, and mitigation steps (if applicable). If our investigation is not complete at the time of initial notification, we will indicate next steps and timelines for subsequent communication. For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-128">Details zur Benachrichtigung über Datenschutzverletzungen für bestimmte Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste finden Sie nachstehend.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-128">Details regarding breach notification for specific Microsoft products and services is given below.</span></span>
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-129">**[Office 365](gdpr-breach-Office365.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-129">**[Office 365](gdpr-breach-Office365.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p107">Microsoft invests extensively in systems, processes, and personnel to reduce the likelihood of personal data breach and to quickly detect and mitigate consequence of breach if it does occur. Additional details can be read at [Office 365 Investments in Data Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-office365#office-365-investments-in-data-security).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p107">Microsoft invests extensively in systems, processes, and personnel to reduce the likelihood of personal data breach and to quickly detect and mitigate consequence of breach if it does occur. Additional details can be read at [Office 365 Investments in Data Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-office365#office-365-investments-in-data-security).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p108">A customer may become aware of a breach and wish to contact Microsoft. In this case, notify Microsoft Support, which will then interface with engineering teams for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p108">A customer may become aware of a breach and wish to contact Microsoft. In this case, notify Microsoft Support, which will then interface with engineering teams for more information.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-134">**[Azure und Dynamics 365](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-134">**[Azure & Dynamics 365](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-135">Microsoft verfügt über einen rund um die Uhr verfügbaren weltweiten Notfalldienst, der dafür verantwortlich ist, die Auswirkungen von Angriffen auf Microsoft Azure und Dynamics 365 abzufangen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-135">Microsoft has a global, 24x7 incident response service that works to mitigate the effects of attacks against Microsoft Azure and Dynamics 365.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p109">*Erkennung von Sicherheitsverletzungen* : Weil Microsoft und der Kunde beide Sicherheitsverpflichtungen haben, setzen Azure-Dienste eine Modell der geteilten Verantwortung ein, um die Sicherheits- und Aufgabenrechenschaftspflichten zu definieren. In den Bereichen, für die der Kunde verantwortlich ist, überwacht Microsoft Sicherheitsvorfälle nicht und reagiert auch auf diese nicht. Die Reaktion auf Sicherheitsvorfälle des Kunden kann, unter Voraussetzung geeigneter Dienstleistungsverträge, eine Zusammenarbeit mit Azure [Kundendienst](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/) beinhalten. Microsoft Azure bietet ebenfalls verschiedene Dienste an (z.B. [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)), die Kunden dazu nutzen können, Reaktionen auf Sicherheitsvorfälle zu entwickeln und zu verwalten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p109">*Detection of Breaches* : Since both Microsoft and the customer have security obligations, Azure services employ a shared responsibility model to define security and operational accountabilities. Microsoft does not monitor or respond to security incidents within the customer's realm of responsibility. Customer incident response may involve collaboration with Azure [customer support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), given appropriate service contracts. Microsoft Azure also offers various services (for example, [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)) that customers can utilize for developing and managing security incident response.</span></span>

        <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p110">For a list of events that trigger a breach investigation in Microsoft Azure, see [Detection of Potential Breaches](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#detection-of-potential-breaches). [Azure and Breach Notification under the GDPR](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md) further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p110">For a list of events that trigger a breach investigation in Microsoft Azure, see [Detection of Potential Breaches](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#detection-of-potential-breaches). [Azure and Breach Notification under the GDPR](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md) further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p111">*Data Breach Response* : Microsoft determines appropriate priority and severity levels of a breach by investigating the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Microsoft's security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. These processes are detailed in [Azure's Data Breach Response](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#azures-data-breach-response).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p111">*Data Breach Response* : Microsoft determines appropriate priority and severity levels of a breach by investigating the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Microsoft's security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. These processes are detailed in [Azure's Data Breach Response](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#azures-data-breach-response).</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p112">*Customer Notification* : Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p112">*Customer Notification* : Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span></span>

        - <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-148">Microsoft ist der Meinung, dass eine Benachrichtigung das Risiko für andere Kunden erhöht.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-148">Microsoft believes the act of performing a notification increases the risk to other customers.</span></span>
        - <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p113">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These details will be provided to you as the investigation proceeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p113">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These details will be provided to you as the investigation proceeds.</span></span>

        <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-151">Weitere Details finden Sie unter [Kundenbenachrichtigung](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#customer-notification).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-151">Further details can be found in [Customer Notification](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#customer-notification).</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-152">**[Microsoft-Support und Professional Services](gdpr-breach-Microsoft-Support-Professional-Services.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-152">**[Microsoft Support and Professional Services](gdpr-breach-Microsoft-Support-Professional-Services.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-p114">The nature of professional services means that some data protection incidents may fall within the customer's realm of responsibility. When Microsoft Professional Services identifies a data protection incident, it follows documented industry standard response plan as outlined in [Scope & Limits of Data Protection Incident Response Process](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-microsoft-support-professional-services#scope--limits-of-data-protection-incident-response-process).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-p114">The nature of professional services means that some data protection incidents may fall within the customer's realm of responsibility. When Microsoft Professional Services identifies a data protection incident, it follows documented industry standard response plan as outlined in [Scope & Limits of Data Protection Incident Response Process](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-microsoft-support-professional-services#scope--limits-of-data-protection-incident-response-process).</span></span>

## <a name="breach-notification-admin-tools"></a><span data-ttu-id="48eb5-155">Administratortools zur Benachrichtigung bei Sicherheitsverletzungen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-155">Breach notification admin tools</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="48eb5-156">**Legen Sie den Datenschutzkontakt Ihrer Organisation fest** : Mandantenadministratoren können das [Azure Active Directory-Verwaltungsportal](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2052736) verwenden, um den Datenschutzkontakt Ihrer Organisation für den Fall zu definieren, dass Microsoft mit diesen Personen kommunizieren muss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-156">**Set you organization's privacy contact** : Tenant Administrators can use the [Azure Active Directory Admin Portal](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2052736) to define your organization's privacy contact should Microsoft need to communicate with them.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="48eb5-157">Weitere Informationen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-157">Learn more</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="48eb5-158">Microsoft Trust Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="48eb5-158">Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/privacy/gdpr-overview)
