---
title: Titel 23 NYCRR Teil 500
description: Microsoft hat einen Leitfaden erstellt, in dem erläutert wird, wie Azure, Office 365 und Power BI Finanzinstituten helfen können, die Anforderungen von 23 NYCRR 500 zu erfüllen.
keywords: Microsoft 365, Compliance, Angebote
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
hideEdit: true
titleSuffix: Microsoft Compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: fa76fefbeea2c8fc0226a85d5b12599839eba8ca
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920407"
---
# <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-104">Titel 23 NYCRR Teil 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-104">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

## <a name="title-23-nycrr-part-500-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-105">Titel 23 NYCRR Teil 500 Übersicht</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-105">Title 23 NYCRR Part 500 overview</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p101">In response to the significant and ever-increasing threats to the cybersecurity of information and financial systems, in 2017, the State of New York Department of Financial Services imposed a new set of cybersecurity requirements on financial institutions that are licensed or authorized to do business in the state. This regulation — Title 23 New York Codes, Rules, and Regulation Part 500: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies — is designed to protect customer data and the information technology systems of financial institutions such as state-chartered, private, and international banks, mortgage brokers, and insurance companies.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-title-23-nycrr-part-500"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-108">Microsoft und Titel 23 NYCRR Teil 500</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-108">Microsoft and Title 23 NYCRR Part 500</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p102">Microsoft provides a comprehensive guide, [Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides), for financial services regulated under Title 23 NYCRR Part 500. It explains in depth how Azure, Office 365, and Power BI cloud services support compliance with the requirements. Financial institutions that seek to operate in the global financial center of New York must meet them, so compliance is critical for many institutions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-112">Befolgen Sie diese Anleitung, um die Einhaltung von Titel 23 NYCRR Teil 500 zu beschleunigen: Microsoft Cloud Services: [Unterstützung der Compliance der Cybersicherheitsanforderungen von NYDFS](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-112">Follow this guidance to accelerate your compliance with Title 23 NYCRR Part 500: Microsoft Cloud Services: [Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098969)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-113">Nach den New Yorker Bestimmungen muss jedes Finanzinstitut:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-113">The New York regulations require each financial institution to:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p103">**Develop and maintain a robust cybersecurity program** starting with an assessment of the institution’s specific risk profile and then designing a program that addresses them. The [Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332) was created to help financial services assess the risks of using Microsoft cloud services. It includes direct engagement with our engineers and corporate risk officers and access to our compliance and security experts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p104">**Implement a comprehensive cybersecurity policy** that addresses information security, data governance and classification, access controls, business continuity, and the like. Microsoft offers guidance for developing this policy with in-depth information about our certifications and risk assessments; business continuity and disaster recovery metrics; and diagnostics for logging and auditing.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p105">**Bestimmen Sie einen Chief Information Security Officer** (CISO) für die Verwaltung des Cybersicherheitsprogramms und die Durchsetzung der Richtlinien. Um Ihren CSIO zu helfen, bietet Microsoft in die Tiefe gehende Internetsicherheitsinformationen über die Microsoft-Cloudbereitstellungen mittels [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/) und [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p105">**Designate a chief information security officer** (CISO) to manage the cybersecurity program and enforce policy. To help your CISO, Microsoft provides in-depth cybersecurity information about Microsoft cloud deployments through [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/?v=17.23h), [Office 365 Advanced Threat Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/advanced-threat-analytics/), and [Power BI Security](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=829185).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p106">**Monitor and test the effectiveness of its cybersecurity program** : Microsoft provides information from audits of its cybersecurity practices that include continuous monitoring, periodic penetration testing, and vulnerability assessments. Customers can conduct their own tests without advance permission from Microsoft.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p107">**Maintain an audit trail.** Built-in audit functionalities of Azure, Office 365, and Power BI customers generate information that can be used to reconstruct financial transactions and develop audit trail information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-125">**Beschränken des Zugriffs auf Informationssysteme mit nicht öffentlichen Informationen** : Maßnahmen, mit denen Azure, Office 365 und Power BI einen für jeden Dienst einheitlichen rollenbasierten Zugriffskontrollprozess (RBAC), strenge Sicherheits- und Zugriffsanforderungen für jeden Microsoft-Administrator und Prüfungen für jeden bieten Anfrage für erhöhte Zugriffsrechte.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-125">**Limit access to information systems that contain nonpublic information** : Measures that Azure, Office 365, and Power BI offer a role-based access control (RBAC) process native to each service, strict security and access requirements for every Microsoft administrator, and audits of every request for elevated access privileges.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-126">**Institutsverfahren zum Bewerten und Testen der Sicherheit von extern entwickelten Anwendungen** : Für Entwickler, die Visual Studio verwenden, können [Sicherheitsregeln](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) für verwalteten Code sicherstellen, dass Bedrohungen für die Cybersicherheit von Anwendungen erkannt und verringert werden, bevor der Code bereitgestellt wird.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-126">**Institute procedures to assess and test the security of externally developed applications** : For developers using Visual Studio, [Security Rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/security-rules-rule-set-for-managed-code) for managed code can help ensure that application cybersecurity threats are detected and mitigated before the code is deployed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p108">**Use periodic risk assessments to design and enhance cybersecurity programs** : For customers, Microsoft aggregates information about security threats, provides roadmaps of change management, and regularly updates information about subcontractors. Microsoft also regularly conducts risk assessments of its own services, the results of which are available to customers.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p109">**Use qualified personnel to manage cybersecurity risks and oversee cybersecurity functions** : Microsoft employs stringent procedures for our employee access to your customer data. If we hire subcontractors, we remain responsible for service delivery, and ensure that subcontractors fully comply with Microsoft privacy and security commitments, including requirements for handling sensitive data, background checks, and non-disclosure agreements.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-131">**Implementieren Sie Richtlinien und Verfahren, um die Sicherheit von Informationen zu gewährleisten, die von Drittanbietern bereitgestellt werden** : Azure, Office 365 und Power BI stellen die Multifaktorauthentifizierung für alle eingehenden Verbindungen zu Unternehmensnetzwerken zur Verfügung. Implementierung von Kontrollen, einschließlich Verschlüsselung, zum Schutz nicht öffentlicher Informationen bei der Übertragung über externe Netze und im Ruhezustand; und bietet [Microsoft Online Services-Bedingungen](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) an, die Kundenbenachrichtigungen, Untersuchung von Vorfällen und Risikominderung bei Sicherheitsvorfällen vorsehen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-131">**Implement policies and procedures to ensure the security of information held by third-party service providers** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI make multi-factor authentication available for all inbound connections to company networks; implement controls, including encryption, to protect nonpublic information in transit over external networks and at rest; and offer [Microsoft Online Services Terms](https://aka.ms/Online-Services-Terms) that provide for customer notification, incident investigation, and risk mitigation for security incidents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-132">**Implementieren von Richtlinien und Verfahren zum Aufbewahren und Löschen von Daten** : Sie können jederzeit auf Ihre in Azure, Office 365 und Power BI gespeicherten Kundendaten zugreifen und diese extrahieren.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-132">**Implement data retention and deletion policies and procedures** : You can always access and extract your customer data stored in Azure, Office 365, and Power BI.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p110">**Monitor the activity of authorized users, detect unauthorized access, and offer regular cybersecurity awareness training to employees** : Azure, Office 365, and Power BI include outside-in monitoring to raise alerts about incidents, and extensive diagnostics for logging and auditing. [Microsoft Virtual Academy](https://mva.microsoft.com/) offers online training that covers the cybersecurity of Microsoft cloud services.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-p111">**Develop plans to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents** : Microsoft helps you prepare for cybersecurity incidents using a defensive strategy to detect, predict, and prevent security breaches before they occur. When developing your own plans, you can draw on our incident management plan for responding to cybersecurity breaches.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-in-scope-cloud-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-137">Microsoft Cloud Services im Leistungsumfang</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-137">Microsoft in-scope cloud services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-138">Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-138">Azure</span></span>](https://aka.ms/AzureCompliance)
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-139">Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-139">Intune</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-140">Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-140">Office 365</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=2077751)
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-141">Power BI-Clouddienst entweder als eigenständiger Dienst oder als Bestandteil eines Office 365 Markenplans oder einer Office 365 Suite</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-141">Power BI cloud service either as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365 branded plan or suite</span></span>

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-142">Häufig gestellte Fragen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-142">Frequently asked questions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-143">**Welche Institute fallen unter diese Verordnung?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-143">**What institutions are covered under this regulation?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-144">Wenden Sie sich an das New Yorker Finanzdienstleistungsministerium, [Wen Wir Überwachen](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374), um festzustellen, ob Ihr Institut unter diese Verordnung fällt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-144">Consult the New York Department of Financial Services [Who We Supervise](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2099374) to determine whether your institution is governed by this regulation.</span></span>

## <a name="resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-145">Ressourcen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-145">Resources</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-146">Unterstützte Ressourcen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-146">Featured resources</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/compliance/NYCRR)
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-147">New York State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements For Financial Services Companies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-147">New York State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500: Cybersecurity Requirements For Financial Services Companies</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098976)
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-148">Häufig gestellte Fragen: 23 NYCRR Teil 500 – Cybersicherheit</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-148">FAQs: 23 NYCRR Part 500–Cybersecurity</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2098977)
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-149">Microsoft Cloud Services: Unterstützung der Compliance der NYDFS-Cybersicherheitsanforderungen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-149">Microsoft Cloud Services: Supporting Compliance with NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements</span></span>](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/TrustDocuments?command=Download&downloadType=Document&downloadId=f7e56dc6-4e52-4e9a-af06-aa41d5851d36&docTab=6d000410-c9e9-11e7-9a91-892aae8839ad_Compliance_Guides)
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-150">Compliance im Microsoft Trust Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-150">Compliance on the Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/compliance/compliance-overview)

## <a name="other-microsoft-resources-for-financial-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-151">Weitere Microsoft-Ressourcen für Finanzdienste</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-151">Other Microsoft resources for financial services</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-152">Microsoft Business-Cloud-Dienste und Finanzdienstleistungen</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-152">Microsoft business cloud services and financial services</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/cloudservices/financialservices)
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-153">Microsoft Cloud Financial Services Compliance Program</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/download/confirmation.aspx?id=55332)
- [<span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-154">Compliance der Finanzdienstleistungs in Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-154">Financial services compliance in Azure</span></span>](https://azure.microsoft.com/resources/videos/azurecon-2015-financial-services-compliance-in-azure/)
- <span data-ttu-id="bc0e3-155">[Geteilte Verantwortlichkeiten für Cloud Computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="bc0e3-155">[Shared responsibilities for cloud computing](https://aka.ms/sharedresponsibility)-</span></span> 
